Advanced JavaScript - The reduce method
When learning about the reduce method, you learned it executes a function that you provide on each element resulting in the output of a single value.
You also learned it is best practice to supply a default value, which is going to be required in this challenge. So study the result image closely to determine what this default value should be, and how it should be structured (Hint).
 
In particular, you will:
Work with the reduce method.
Arrow functions
Log values to the terminal
Result
Your result should look like the image below.



Challenge Submission
Whenever you complete a challenge step, view the result by clicking on the run button above the code editor and viewing the output in the result window.
Test your answer by clicking on the " run tests " button that is next to the run button.
A feedback panel will pop up to show you your result.
If your code passes its associated test (will be colored green) move on to the next challenge step.
If code fails its associated test (colored red), click on the failed tests to reveal a hint as to what might have gone wrong.
Fix the error before moving on to the next challenge step
Once your code passes all the tests (will be colored green) go ahead and submit your answer by first clicking the submit button on the top right of the CodeIt window then clicking submit again on the resulting popup window.
Move on to the next unit in the course.
Steps
You will use the reduce method to execute a function on each item resulting in a single object. The object should be that of the student with the highest english score and should show the student's name and english score. 
You can either create the arrow function within the reduce method. or create an arrow function outside and pass it into the reduce method.
Keep an eye open for spots to use destructuring, You will not be tested to see if you have done this, but it would be good for getting in more practice.

1. Create a variable named biggest using the keyword const
2. Assign it a value from using the reduce method on the students array
3. Use either an arrow function inside the reduce method, or create a function and pass it into the reduce method
4. Use a default value with the reduce method
5. log out the variable biggest to see the value